Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_retrieving-resource-information-by-using-python.adoc

= Retrieving resource information by using Python

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use Python to retrieve and display {Project} resource information such as host details, facts, and subscriptions with formatted output for reporting or monitoring purposes.

Reviewer: Try to read the sentence out loud. If you have to take a breath in the middle of it, split it :)

= Retrieving resource information by using Python

[role="_abstract"]
You can use Python to retrieve and display {Project} resource information such as host details, facts, and subscriptions.

> With the script, you can then format this output specifically for your reporting or monitoring workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this script, you can then format the {Project} API response specifically for your reporting or monitoring workflows.
```

It's the code that starts in line 12.
